index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# About Me
I am an aspiring Cybersecurity Professional currently building a portfolio as I continue to learn both the GRC and technical aspects of cybersecurity that include (but are not limited to) `Linux` `Python` `SQL` `MariaDB` `SPL` `Splunk` `Wireshark` `Metasploit` `NIST CSF` and `ISO/IEC 27000`.

I have a BSc. degree in Information Technology and have almost a decade of professional experience as a Programmer, Technical Writer, and Project Manager in IT.

# Featured Projects
Click on the **links** to see the project details.

### [Penetration Testing: SQL Injection](./projects/pentest-sql-injection.md)

> Conducted a security assessment to identify and exploit SQL injection vulnerabilities in a web application. Analyzed and documented attack vectors, automated detection using SQLMap, and provided recommendations for securing database queries.

### [LLMNR Poisoning Attack Analysis and NTLMv2 Hash Cracking](./projects/llmnr-poisoning-attack.md)

> Conducted network forensics to detect and analyze an LLMNR poisoning attack within Active Directory. Identified a rogue device using Wireshark, traced the attack, and recovered NTLMv2 hashes, showcasing techniques for detecting credential theft and password cracking with Hashcat.

### [Incident Response and Forensic Analysis on SSH Brute-Force Attack](./projects/brute-force-attack.md)

> Investigated a compromised Confluence server by analyzing Unix auth.log and wtmp logs to pinpoint the attacker’s IP, track unauthorized access, and uncover persistence methods. Identified privilege escalation, a backdoor account, and malicious script execution, correlating with MITRE ATT&CK sub-techniques.

### [Incident Report Using NIST Cybersecurity Framework](./projects/incident-report-nist-csf.md)

> Analyzed a DDoS attack on a multimedia company, applying the NIST CSF to improve network security. Identified vulnerabilities, implemented protective measures including firewall rules and IDS/IPS systems, enhanced detection with monitoring and IP verification, and developed response strategies. Established recovery protocols to restore services and prevent future attacks.

[more projects...](./page-one.md)

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section to 'Overview'
Updated the section title and revised the content to focus on project writeups in GRC and cybersecurity.

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Overview
These are writeups of my hands-on projects in GRC and cybersecurity that include (but are not limited to) tools such as `Linux` `Python` `SQL` `MariaDB` `SPL` `Splunk` `Wireshark` `Metasploit` `NIST CSF` and `ISO/IEC 27000`.

# Featured Projects
Click on the **links** to see the project details.

### [Penetration Testing: SQL Injection](./projects/pentest-sql-injection.md)

> Conducted a security assessment to identify and exploit SQL injection vulnerabilities in a web application. Analyzed and documented attack vectors, automated detection using SQLMap, and provided recommendations for securing database queries.

### [LLMNR Poisoning Attack Analysis and NTLMv2 Hash Cracking](./projects/llmnr-poisoning-attack.md)

> Conducted network forensics to detect and analyze an LLMNR poisoning attack within Active Directory. Identified a rogue device using Wireshark, traced the attack, and recovered NTLMv2 hashes, showcasing techniques for detecting credential theft and password cracking with Hashcat.

### [Incident Response and Forensic Analysis on SSH Brute-Force Attack](./projects/brute-force-attack.md)

> Investigated a compromised Confluence server by analyzing Unix auth.log and wtmp logs to pinpoint the attacker’s IP, track unauthorized access, and uncover persistence methods. Identified privilege escalation, a backdoor account, and malicious script execution, correlating with MITRE ATT&CK sub-techniques.

### [Incident Report Using NIST Cybersecurity Framework](./projects/incident-report-nist-csf.md)

> Analyzed a DDoS attack on a multimedia company, applying the NIST CSF to improve network security. Identified vulnerabilities, implemented protective measures including firewall rules and IDS/IPS systems, enhanced detection with monitoring and IP verification, and developed response strategies. Established recovery protocols to restore services and prevent future attacks.

[more projects...](./page-one.md)
